we are in the third broken of exact love
and what's with the shotguns worth
and let's start with the remington with
a rc I do not know what 870 color was but the
burst and nothing can see what
perhaps without truce and camouflage
in this master draft challenge in this
rock the diamond what I'm going to
the set of more or more shotguns
least which one I like the most or the
which is the most manageable for what
situations for example not
so let's call complete
to start with a ranking let's say that
for me the best general would be at the time
of the remington both by scope by
manageability
realism so it's a shotgun
it would be my first choice
The next
it also depends a bit, let's say
by the power would be with which
we could play not only games
but normal items that
let's also say we can separate the
unique tool groups demands for
normal games watch because you play
social extremes because they used to
I like but I married for items
normal items and that 12 m2 16 for
Brand new
ok, here we finish with the
they started that 12 vale
summarizing first the mental then
the street
for the theme
and for the power and after that
I begin to have many questions why
to get me the sign arming the 12 I
I had a pretty good time
it did not cost me as much as the s12 but a
Once I learned how to use the s12 it has
liked more than the m-12 then I have
one doubt and that I'm not very sure
I think that in third place I'm going to put the
s12
I can not tell you exactly why and
that has come to obviate but
but I think it's going to be a matter of
chargers worth
answer 2 summarizing what
that a drone
that is the ranking or remington kg
we have here the skills of 12 and
then the m-12 16 either
Bogota but something special not just
for pleasure so I play ways
well here you see the house that is with
the diamonds can be shot
letting it get lost
and nothing to extreme
use all but fixed that we are going to use
it is also that even in extreme
do without marquez then imagine using them
in normal games for me
m16
and for me it's a kind of madness that
to use it in normal items because
yes with a weapon
that does not make so many hits Tuesday you need
a charger to kill imagine and with
this is impossible that it is not that
will play normal with these weapons and kill and
it will make its streaks and such but I think
complicate life a bit not for that
how is the tool that you kill yourself
for sleeping
so that's what there is that is my
opinion
summarizing a bit what I have done and
nothing I hope you liked what
next today are those fossils
and here I leave you previous videos and such
so that sex is a look and nothing
see you in the next see you later
a greeting